# Injection Pens 101 :: Stairway to Gray

URL: https://www.stairwaytogray.com/posts/pens/pens-101/

Injection Pens 101 :: Stairway to Gray
Skip to main content
Stairway to Gray
MenuВ ГўВ–Вҫ
Posts
Gray 101
Testing 101
Crypto 101
Pens 101
Posts
Gray 101
Testing 101
Show moreВ ГўВ–Вҫ
Crypto 101
Pens 101
Injection Pens 101
2025-01-06
litajj
5 min read (904 words)
This guide is built for beginners and to showcase how-to:
Locate the pen cartridge holder
How to recon with the injection pen
Fill the pen cartridge by venting the air from cartridge
How to purge the air with a pen needle
How to inject with the injection pen
Note: Please follow each piece step by step very promptly and donГўВҖВҷt ever hesitate to reach out and ask questions as we are always here to help and make this a smooth transition for you. This guide will have details for each subject and if itГўВҖВҷs still confusing, as mentioned before, please reach out before proceeding any further steps. Thank you and much love from the r/TirzepatideHelp Team ГўВқВӨГҜВёВҸ
Reconstituting with the Pen
вҢ—
You NEVER want to twist your injection pen otherwise you will not have ACCESS to your glass cartridge holder, you want to pop it off with force to access it. This is what it will look like if you twist it off.
This is what it will look like when you POP it off with force. First you want to take out your empty sterilized pen cartridge from the cartridge pouch.
You now want to pick up your luer-lock syringe with the luer-lock needle attached, pick up your BAC water and begin drawing out your desired mL of the water from the bottle.
After you have drawn your desired water amount, Please wipe the vial then carefully place the luer-lock needle in the middle of the vial and angle your luer-lock needle to the side of the glass so that the BAC water doesnГўВҖВҷt land DIRECTLY onto the peptide. You do NOT want to damage your peptide with the force of the water as there will be a vacuum.
Once you have injected the desired amount of BAC water into the vial, please grab your alcohol wipe again and wipe the tip of the pen cartridge.
Next, you want to inject some air to release the vacuum so the force isnГўВҖВҷt too strong and begin to draw in all of your medication inside of your luer-lock syringe.
You now want to take your insulin 100u syringe, pop out the plunger and weГўВҖВҷre going to use this as our venting needle - This is what will dispel the air from the pen cartridge. (You can also use a luer-lock needle as well).
You are now going to place the venting needle onto the side of the pen cartridge rubber, do NOT place it in the middle as thatГўВҖВҷs where we will inject our peptide.
Now that we have placed our venting needle, we want to insert our peptide injection syringe in the middle of the pen cartridge and begin dispensing our peptide.
Once youГўВҖВҷre done dispensing the peptide, we now have to purge the remaining air thatГўВҖВҷs inside of the pen cartridge.
You now want to insert your pen cartridge inside of the glass pen cartridge holder from your selected reusable injection pen.
Now once you have inserted the pen cartridge inside of the glass cartridge holder, we will now insert the piece onto the pen itself. You will need to use force. Now you want to screw it on. Once you have screwed it on, it should look like this.
We are now going to take a fresh pen needle, take off the wrapping and insert it onto the top of the pen - Make sure you WIPE BEFORE inserting the fresh pen needle. Remove the big cap cover and the thin needle cap cover.
We are now going to purge the air from the pen cartridge by twisting our dial to the max units (if you have a lot of air, you dial to max units / if you have less air, do less units) Make sure to hold your pen UPRIGHT!!!
You may have to repeat this step SEVERAL times until all of the air is purged or you see that the peptide is at the very top of the pen needle. You want to SLOW down once itГўВҖВҷs close to the pen needle by 1-2 units. Once you see a drop of liquid, you have officially purged your reusable injection pen. Please place the top thin cover back onto your pen needle and the cap cover onto the pen.
How to Inject with the Injection Pen
вҢ—
Congratulations! YouГўВҖВҷve made it to the next step into the reusable injection pen process. Now letГўВҖВҷs get ready for your injection and itГўВҖВҷs PAIN-FREE!!
Now, letГўВҖВҷs go ahead and remove the pen body cover, and remove the pen needle cap.
Dial your correct dosage (remember, the injection pen is aligned with a regular insulin syringe units, so the same units listed is the same units listed as of an insulin syringe)
Place the pen against your injection spot and insert.
Push and hold down the dial (the force of this is up to you, you can be fast or slow, you are in CONTROL of your dosing.)
Once you are done with injecting, remove the pen needle, wipe the top of the pen cartridge and place your pen cover back and wallah! You have successfully completed pinning your pen! Г°ВҹВҘВі
If you have any questions, concerns, or feedback about the information or sources provided, please donвҖҷt hesitate to reach out to @litajj on Telegram. If youвҖҷre looking for access to the Telegram group, please click the Discord invite in the footer of this page
Read other posts
ГўВҶВҗ
What to Look for in Lyophilized Peptides
Compounding Sources
ГўВҶВ’
^
ГӮВ© 2026 Powered by
Hugo
::
Join STG on Telegram
::
Join STG on Loqa
::
Join STG Testing Server on Loqa
